hello and welcome to this video which
will talk about the night light bulbs of
your car
so actually actually on the job
the original bulbs of your vehicle
you have bulbs that are yellow
most of the time and today I
offers nightlights not yellow
white and with them right now
on your vehicle you have these
bulbs
they are original bulbs that are
in the format on the night lights 80 90% of the
time they are nightlights w5 w it's
what the w5 raise is the format of
lamps or just
so actually this bulb to its limits
of our killer after that may be for
inside etc. only talked about
May backgrounds
the foreman put in here are some
vehicles that do not wear the double
for the night lights but 80% to 90% as
I already said they will use this
format me what I propose to you
today are nightlights too
but using
so in fact it's not for the aisne
it's with help I keep it at home
so with the help of difference it's
what already
it will be LED that will illuminate
your vehicle and not a swell op
of origin more these seven east of the
it will illuminate in white what I
I personally see it's white people
pure pure white to see what it is
on the internet you put on google
images 6000 cases the letter figure
k and you'll see what it's like
we cry pure or anyway I
give other images for you
can see the difference
So here is of origin cw sanded is what
you will add it is also original
it's more w -c of manufacturer origin
wsa also indifference is by
example here you can see there is a
small width for
which is a bit wider than the
normal night light but do not worry
it does not fit anyway it's no format
who is like that and the construction of
this letter which is like that on the other hand
it fits in your vehicle
we can see at some brands
some brands like mercedes who
make original white night lights
that's it's original
that's it if you want to insult them on
your vehicle makes you add this march
that's what I'm selling they've had
bright spots so 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
that's after your nightmare confesses
LED consumes more than
so what will happen when
you're going to ask stolen if you have a
old vehicle does not want anything happen
it's unfair to work and then that's it
you have a vehicle a little more
recent it will show you in the
dashboard
you have to check your night light bulbs
because are defective then
that they are not defective could
quickly to avoid this error message it
must buy selena who are with in
shooter therefore in fact links her to
resistances the last also to
resistances because in fact she
consume less than your original hen
so here's to dash on the dashboard
no I'm not embarrassed paul either
yell there are resistances that are going
to help you avoid this message
error here after you also have some
led like that the difference is that ben
it's not the same nerve already but it's
the same if you forget you cnw is actually
he does not know the same cheek because that
they do not have third teeth
so that's the old vehicles
it works it works bright
will work it will work but there
will not have any message of it again for
old vehicles
but for new vehicles
absolutely buy that one there
difference also this one there is 5 for
the miners and that he has developed the
mine so here I thank you for
have listened to me and then a next
video and other videos for others
explanations
thanks goodbye